In this video I'll explain an independent hardware I scuzzy initiator.
This is a solution that we can utilize in our ESX host to provide connectivity to an ICE Kazee storage
right over an ethernet network.
So let's take a look at how this works.
Here we have a Windows virtual machine on the left with a virtual scuzzy controller.
And as that virtual machine generates storage commands they flow out of the virtual scuzzy controller
and they hit a physical storage adapter.
Now in this case the physical storage adapter is an independent hardware scuzzy initiator that has built
in Ethernet ports so we don't require any sort of VM kernel port in this situation.
The independent hardware I suppose the initiator is a complete hardware solution.
We don't need a software I suppose the initiator identified we don't need VM kernel ports.
It's got its built in Ethernet ports that we can use to connect directly to the storage network and
the big benefit of the independent hardware I suppose the initiator is that it really leaves a lot of
the storage workload from the ESX host it makes many of these storage operations independent of the
current performance of the use of the ESX host.
Now my storage has its own independent hardware that handles that workload.